CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

### Pull Request Checklist

Before a PR can be merged, it should satisfy the following:

- [ ] Synchronize with target branch.
- [ ] Resolve all conflicts with target branch.
- [ ] Code builds using `make complete`, with both `-DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=Debug` and `-DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=Release` configurations.
- [ ] Code is formatted using clang-format (see [Code Formatting](https://bitbucket.org/zulianp/utopia/wiki/Code%20formatting))
- [ ] Targets `utopia`, `utopia_test`, and `utopia_bench` are warning free (to be sure use e.g., `make clean; make -j4 utopia_test && make -j4 utopia_bench`). Depending on compiler (and version) there might some unexpected warnings on the original code. In this case, just make sure that your new code does not produce new warnings.
- [ ] Run `make utest` to make sure all unit tests pass.
- [ ] Run `make bench` and make sure all benchmarks run through the end.
- [ ] Update `wiki`:

    - [ ] Is this a new feature users need to be aware of? New or updated example or app? If yes add a new short wiki entry for explaining usage.
- [ ] New capability:

   - [ ] All significant new classes, methods and functions have Doxygen-style documentation in source comments.
   - [ ] Consider adding new sample app in existing apps to highlight the new capability.
   - [ ] Consider saving cool simulation pictures with the new capability and add it to the `wiki` example page.

Commit message:

Fixed all warnings for targets utopia, utopia_test, and utopia_bench on HPC cluster

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

### Pull Request Checklist

Before a PR can be merged, it must satisfy the following requirements:

- [ ] Synchronize with target branch.
- [ ] Resolve all conflicts with target branch.
- [ ] Code builds using `make complete`, with both `-DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=Debug` and `-DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=Release` configurations.
- [ ] Code is formatted using clang-format (see [Code Formatting](https://bitbucket.org/zulianp/utopia/wiki/Code%20formatting))
- [ ] Targets `utopia`, `utopia_test`, and `utopia_bench` are warning free (to be sure use e.g., `make clean; make -j4 utopia_test && make -j4 utopia_bench`). Depending on compiler (and version) there might some unexpected warnings on the original code. In this case, just make sure that your new code does not produce new warnings. On the ICS hpc-cluster open-mpi generates warnings that can be muted by using the flag `-DCMAKE_CXX_FLAGS="-Wno-cast-function-type"`.
- [ ] Run `make utest` to make sure all unit tests pass.
- [ ] Run `make bench` and make sure all benchmarks run through the end.
- [ ] Update `wiki`:

    - [ ] Is this a new feature users need to be aware of? New or updated example or app? If yes add a new short wiki entry for explaining usage.
- [ ] New capability:

   - [ ] All significant new classes, methods and functions have Doxygen-style documentation in source comments.
   - [ ] Consider adding new sample app in existing apps to highlight the new capability.
   - [ ] Consider saving cool simulation pictures with the new capability and add it to the `wiki` example page.
